Everett Reynolds

Essentially infix to postfix is a process which has a lot of steps.
First you would need to put a ( onto a stack which you had made locally.
You would also need output all operands until you reach a close bracket.
Then you would look at the operators on the stack, using a premade class which assigns these symbols values after
there is a check made to see if an operator is on top of the stack.
If there is, you would need to pop and output all operators of equal or higher presidence
After that, you would push your operator on.
If you find a ), you would pop all stack symbols until you find a ( in the stack.
Then you would pop the (.
That would be the end of input so you would then pop whatever remains.
InsertOperand essentially creates a new Binary Node allocating memory for it as well.
Then, it would said the BETPtr to OPERAND using the union structure.
Then, it would said the Pointer to have a passed in value.
It would make the pointers right and left attributes null and push the pointer onto a implementation stack.
InsertPostFixOperator essentially creates a new Binary Node allocating memory for it as well.
Then, it would said the BETPtr to OPERATOR using the union structure.
Then, it would set the Pointer to have a passed in value.
It would make the pointers right value equal to the first value on the stack, pop it and make the pointer's
left value equal to the second value on the stack, popping it right after.
The pointer would be pushed onto the stack, and the root of the pointer would equal the new BinaryNode.
InsertPreFixOperator essentially creates a new Binary Node allocating memory for it as well.
Then, it would said the BETPtr to OPERATOR using the union structure.
Then, it would set the Pointer to have a passed in value.
It would make the pointers left value equal to the first value on the stack, pop it and make the pointer's
right value equal to the second value on the stack, popping it right after.
The pointer would be pushed onto the stack, and the root of the pointer would equal the new BinaryNode.
